Read server/lib/bland.ts in full before making any changes.
I need to improve the Bland AI call experience in three ways:
Fix 1 — Background noise sensitivity
In the dispatchCall function, add the following parameters to the payload to make the call less sensitive to background noise and interruptions:
noise_cancellation: true,
interruption_threshold: 100,
The interruption_threshold controls how easily the AI gets interrupted — higher numbers mean it's harder to interrupt. 100 is more robust than the default. Also add:
endpoint_sensitivity: 0.5,
This makes the AI wait longer before deciding the user has finished speaking, reducing awkward cutoffs.
Fix 2 — Clean call ending
In the buildTravelConciergePrompt function, update the closing instructions. After the agent summarizes the trip details, it should:

Ask the traveler "Does everything sound good?" or "Does that all sound right?"
Wait for confirmation
Then say something brief and warm like "Perfect, we'll get that proposal over to you shortly. Safe travels!" and end the call immediately
It should NOT ask any more questions after confirmation
It should NOT repeat information again after the traveler confirms

Add this to the IMPORTANT RULES section of the prompt:
"After the traveler confirms everything sounds correct, say a brief warm closing line and end the call immediately. Do not ask additional questions, do not repeat information, do not add filler. The closing should be one sentence maximum."
Fix 3 — Reduce repetition
In the same prompt, add this rule:
"When summarizing trip details at the end, read through them once clearly and concisely. Do not repeat any detail more than once. Do not re-confirm individual items after the full summary has been given."
Also add this to the payload in dispatchCall:
max_duration: 10,
This caps the call at 10 minutes so it can't drag on unnecessarily. Check what the current max_duration is set to and reduce it if it's higher than 10.
Do not change anything else. Read the file first, then make targeted changes to the prompt text and the payload parameters.
